[VnV Report] [SRS] [VnV Plan] Add FRT Evaluations for Shop Lookup (#617)
arkinmodi/project-sayyara: docs/SRS/SRS.tex

	      \begin{enumerate}[VP\arabic*.]
		      \item Viewpoint: Vehicle Owner
		            \begin{enumerate}
			            \item The system shall allow the user to enter a shop name or service name

> 			            \item The system shall allow the user to filter by part types used in the service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			            \item The system shall allow the user to filter by part type and condition used in the service
```
